update the renderer url in the read me (#3)
TradeTrust/generic-templates: README.md

_Note: These are just some rendering templates that are made available for users to use, the configurations to use these templates are in the [documentation](https://docs.tradetrust.io/document-creator) of TradeTrust document creator._

| Available Templates |                   url                   |
| :-----------------: | :-------------------------------------: |
|   Covering Letter   | https://generic-templates.tradetrust.io |

> Use these urls in the "\$template" section of the configuration file.

Reviewer: maybe abit more explicit?

```suggestion
Use any one of these urls in the `forms[0].defaults.$template.url` field of the configuration file.
```

Author: ok
